IMPORTANT - READ BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING.
Do not copy, install, distribute, public display, or use the Materials provided
under this license agreement ("Agreement"), until you have carefully read the
following terms and conditions.

By copying, installing, distributing, publicly displaying, or otherwise using
the Materials, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  If you do
not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not copy, install, distribute,
publicly display, or use the Materials.

Intel End User License Agreement
(Version March 2014)

1. LICENSE DEFINITIONS:

A. "Materials" are defined as the software, documentation, license key codes (if
applicable) and other materials, including any updates and upgrade thereto, that
are provided to you under this Agreement.  Materials also include the
Redistributables.

B. "Redistributables" are the following files:
libpcg.h
libpcg.log
libirc_pcg.a
libpcg.a
libpcg_host.a
libsvml_pcg.a
libpcg.so
libpcg_host.so
libpcg.so.*
libpcg_host.so.*

2. LICENSE GRANT:

A. Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel
Corporation ("Intel") grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
copyright license to make only the minimum number of copies of the Materials
reasonably necessary for your internal use.

B. Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel grants to
you a non-exclusive, non- transferable, fully-paid copyright license to
distribute the Redistributables only when statically linked as part of your
products or applications.

C. Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel grants
you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license under Intel's
Licensed Patent Claims to make copies of the Materials internally and use the
Materials internally only. "Licensed Patent Claims" means the claims of Intel's
patents that are necessarily and directly infringed by the rights authorized in
Section 2A above, when the Materials are in their unmodified form as delivered
by Intel to you and not modified, or combined with anything else.  Licensed
Patent Claims are only those claims which Intel can license without paying, or
obtaining the consent of, a third party.

3. LICENSE CONDITIONS:

A. Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may use
contractors to exercise your license grants above provided such contractors (i)
agree to all of the terms of this Agreement, (ii) use the Materials solely for
developing, testing and/or supporting your products and applications
("Service"), (iii) either return to you or destroy all copies of the Materials
in their possession upon the completion of the Service.

B. You may NOT:  (i) use, copy, distribute, or publicly display the Materials
except as provided in this Agreement; (ii) rent or lease the Materials to any
third party; (iii) assign this Agreement or transfer the Materials without the
express written consent of Intel; (iv) modify, adapt, or translate the Materials
in whole or in part except as provided in this Agreement; (v) reverse engineer,
decompile, or disassemble the Materials; (vi) attempt to modify or tamper with
the normal function of a license manager that regulates usage of the Materials;
(vii) distribute, sublicense or transfer the Source Code form of any components
of the Materials or derivatives thereof to any third party except as provided in
this Agreement; (viii) distribute Redistributables except as part of a larger
program that adds significant primary functionality different from that of the
Redistributables; (ix) modify or distribute the Source Code of any
Redistributable so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License.
An "Excluded License" is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification,
or distribution, that the licensed software or other software incorporated into,
derived from or distributed with such software (a) be disclosed or distributed
in Source Code form; (b) be licensed by the user to third parties for the
purpose of making and/or distributing derivative works; or (c) be
redistributable at no charge.  Open source software includes, without
limitation, software licensed or distributed under any of the following licenses
or distribution models, or licenses or distribution models substantially similar
to any of the following: (a) GNU's General Public License (GPL) or
Lesser/Library GPL (LGPL), (b) the Artistic License (e.g., PERL), (c) the
Mozilla Public License, (d) the Netscape Public License, (e) the Sun Community
Source License (SCSL), (f) the Sun Industry Source License (SISL), and (g) the
Common Public License (CPL).

C. DISTRIBUTION:  Distribution of the Redistributables is also subject to the
following limitations:  You (i) shall be solely responsible to your customers
for any update or support obligation or other liability which may arise from the
distribution, (ii) shall not make any statement that your product is
"certified", or that its performance is guaranteed, by Intel, (iii) shall not
use Intel's name or trademarks to market your product without written
permission, (iv) shall use a license agreement that prohibits disassembly and
reverse engineering of the Redistributables, (v) shall indemnify, hold harmless,
and defend Intel and its suppliers from and against any claims or lawsuits,
including attorney's fees, that arise or result from your distribution of any
product.

4. COPYRIGHT: Title to the Materials, modifications thereto provided by Intel
and all copies thereof remain with Intel or its suppliers.  The Materials are
protected by intellectual property rights, including without limitation, United
States copyright laws and international treaty provisions.  You will not remove
any copyright or other proprietary notice from the Materials.  You agree to
prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials.  Except as expressly provided
herein, no license or right is granted to you directly or by implication,
inducement, estoppel or otherwise; specifically Intel does not grant any express
or implied right to you under Intel patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade
secrets.

5. NO WARRANTY, NO SUPPORT AND LIMITED REPLACEMENT:  THE MATERIALS AND
INFORMATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. INTEL
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, OR ANY WARRANTY OTHERWISE
ARISING OUT OF ANY PROPOSAL, SPECIFICATION, OR SAMPLE.  If the media on which
the Materials are furnished are found to be defective in material or workmanship
under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of receipt,
Intel's entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be the replacement of
the media.  This offer is void if the media defect results from accident, abuse,
or misapplication.

Intel may make changes to the Materials, or to items referenced therein, at any
time without notice, but is not obligated to support, update or provide training
for the Materials. Intel may in its sole discretion offer such support, update
or training services under separate terms at Intel's then-current rates. You may
request additional information on Intel's service offerings from an Intel sales
representative.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:  NEITHER INTEL NOR ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER
LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF INTEL
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS
PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

7. UNAUTHORIZED USE:  THE MATERIALS ARE NOT DESIGNED, INTENDED, OR AUTHORIZED
FOR USE IN ANY TYPE OF SYSTEM OR APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE
MATERIALS COULD CREATE A SITUATION WHERE PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH MAY OCCUR
(e.g.,  MEDICAL SYSTEMS, LIFE SUSTAINING OR LIFE SAVING SYSTEMS).  Should you
use the Materials for any such unintended or unauthorized use, you hereby
indemnify, defend, and hold Intel and its officers, subsidiaries and affiliates
harmless against all claims, costs, damages, and expenses, and reasonable
attorney fees arising out of, directly or indirectly, such use and any claim of
product liability, personal injury or death associated with such unintended or
unauthorized use, even if such claim alleges that Intel was negligent regarding
the design or manufacture of the Materials.

8. USER SUBMISSIONS:  This Agreement does not obligate you to provide Intel with
materials, information, comments, suggestions or other communication regarding
the Materials.  However, you agree that any material, information, comments,
suggestions or other communication you transmit or post to an Intel website
(including but not limited to, submissions to the Intel Premier Support and/or
other customer support websites or online portals) or provide to Intel under
this Agreement related to the features, functions, performance or use of the
Materials are deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary ("Communications").
Intel will have no obligations with respect to the Communications.  You hereby
grant to Intel a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, copyright
license to copy, modify, create derivative works, publicly display, disclose,
distribute, license and sublicense through multiple tiers of distribution and
licensees, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data,
images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein, including derivative
works thereto, for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are
prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from an Intel website or provide
to Intel any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic,
or other material that would violate any law.  If you wish to provide Intel with
information that you intend to be treated as confidential information, Intel
requires that such confidential information be provided pursuant to a non-
disclosure agreement ("NDA"), so please contact your Intel representative to
ensure the proper NDA is in place.

Nothing in this Agreement will be construed as preventing Intel from reviewing
your Communications and errors or defects in Intel products discovered while
reviewing your Communications. Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement will be
construed as preventing Intel from implementing independently-developed
enhancements to Intel's own error diagnosis methodology to detect errors or
defects in Intel products discovered while reviewing your Communications or to
implement bug fixes or enhancements in Intel products. The foregoing may include
the right to include your Communications in regression test suites.

9. CONSENT.  You agree that Intel, its subsidiaries or suppliers may collect and
use technical and related information, including but not limited to technical
information about your computer, system and application software, and
peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of
software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to
the Materials, and to verify compliance with the terms of this Agreement.  Intel
may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally
identify you, to improve our products or to develop and provide services or
technologies to you.

10. TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE: This Agreement becomes effective on the date
you accept this Agreement and will continue until terminated as provided for in
this Agreement.  If you are using the Materials under the control of a time-
limited license, for example an Evaluation License, this Agreement terminates
without notice on the last day of the time period, which is specified in the
Materials, and/or controlled by the license key code for the Materials.  Intel
may terminate this license immediately if you are in breach of any of its terms
and conditions and such breach is not cured within thirty (30) days of written
notice from Intel.  Upon termination, you will immediately return to Intel or
destroy the Materials and all copies thereof.  In the event of termination of
this Agreement, the license grant to any Redistributables distributed by you in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, prior to the
effective date of such termination, shall survive any such termination of this
Agreement

11. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS: The technical data and computer software
covered by this license is a "Commercial Item," as such term is defined by the
FAR 2.101 (48 C.F.R. 2.101) and is "commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation" as specified under FAR 12.212 (48
C.F.R. 12.212) or DFARS 227.7202 (48 C.F.R. 227.7202), as applicable. This
commercial computer software and related documentation is provided to end users
for use by and on behalf of the U.S. Government, with only those rights as are
granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Use
for or on behalf of the U.S. Government is permitted only if the party acquiring
or using this software is properly authorized by an appropriate U.S. Government
official. This use by or for the U.S. Government clause is in lieu of, and
supersedes, any other FAR, DFARS, or other provision that addresses Government
rights in the computer software or documentation covered by this license.  All
copyright licenses granted to the U.S. Government are coextensive with the
technical data and computer software licenses granted herein. The U.S.
Government shall only have the right to reproduce, distribute, perform, display,
and prepare derivative works as needed to implement those rights.

12. GENERAL PROVISIONS

A. ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This Agreement is intended to be the entire agreement
between you and Intel with respect to matters contained herein, and supersedes
all prior or contemporaneous agreements and negotiations with respect to those
matters.  No waiver of any breach or default shall constitute a waiver of any
subsequent breach or default.  If any provision of this Agreement is determined
by a court to be unenforceable, you and Intel will deem the provision to be
modified to the extent necessary to allow it to be enforced to the extent
permitted by law, or if it cannot be modified, the provision will be severed and
deleted from this Agreement, and the remainder of the Agreement will continue in
effect.  Any change, modification or waiver to this Agreement must be in writing
and signed by an authorized representative of you and an officer (or delegate)
of Intel, and must specifically identify this Agreement by its title (e.g., "End
User License Agreement for the [Replace w/name] ") and version, i.e., March
2014).

B. GOVERNING LAW: Any claim arising under or relating to this Agreement shall
be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without
regard to principles of conflict of laws.  You agree that the terms of the
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the Sale of Goods do not apply to
this Agreement.  All disputes and litigation arising out of or related to this
Agreement, including without limitation matters connected with its performance,
shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of
Delaware or of the Federal courts sitting therein. Each Party hereby irrevocably
submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and irrevocably waives all
objections to such venue.

C. EXPORT LAWS: You acknowledge that the Materials and all related technical
information or materials is subject to export controls under the laws and
regulations of the United States and any other applicable governments. You agree
to comply with these laws and regulations governing export, re-export, import,
transfer, distribution, and use of the Materials and all related technical
information or materials. In particular, but without limitation, the Materials
and all related technical information or materials may not be exported or re-
exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to any person or entity
listed on a denial order published by the U.S. government or any other
applicable governments. By using Materials  and all related technical
information or materials, you represent and warrant that you are not located in
any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use the
Materials  and all related technical information or materials for any purposes
prohibited by the U.S. government or other applicable governments' laws,
including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or
production of nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weapons. You confirm that
the Materials and all related technical information or materials will not be re-
exported or sold to a third party who is known or suspected to be involved in
activities including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture,
or production of nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weapons. You agree
that the Materials and all related technical information or materials subject to
control under defense laws and regulations (e.g., the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations [ITAR]) must not be transferred to non-U.S. persons, whether
located in the U.S. or abroad, without a government license.


* Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others
